press conference is really good games
for all four of you Greg Ryan and Wayne
you're gonna be newspaper reporters
covering a big press conference thrown
by Colin but Colin doesn't know who he
is these guys don't know he is but
they're gonna know now cuz there it's on
this card here they'd never seen the car
before and then they're gonna give him
clues and Colin s the guests who he is
during the press conference
whenever you're ready taken away with
the press conference for college thank
you for coming to this press conference
I realize it was called in a hurry and
I'm sure you had some questions to ask
please feel free I will be honest
totally yes but what did you first find
out I found out about three years ago
I've kept it under wraps since then but
now I feel it's time to share with the
world what do you think about the
public's reaction to this news I say
screw the public then I can't handle it
yes Jim Phillips team beat high team are
you gonna be there
I was planning on it I was thinking
maybe going somewhere else but no I'm
going to be exactly there have you told
the wizard no why don't you tell the
wizard you have to pretty much tell
everyone and once that happens the whole
couple you can write cuff up over full
what breakout is that what a fool
that's what - of course you are fools
yes so I'm assuming that this happened
post heart oh definitely definitely
because before just cool it just
couldn't happen so at the time you had
to heart on Oh was that too hard on you
it was like that
it's amazing with a little wd-40 can do
have you any plans to go to Kansas oh
you know what it's twister time so it's
not a good time to go to Kansas we were
thinking maybe going to Peoria so you'll
be spending more time with your family
than with hers yes my family are living
in a old tin shack which used to be my
grandfather
[Music]
[Applause]
you seem to guess who you are already
what do you who are you what's the press
conference about I made the tin man yes
announcing my engagement to Dorothy no
better than that I'm sleeping with her
marrying you're having her child yes
[Applause]
fabulous thousand points for everybody
especially you Colin wait thank you drew
I gotta humor him cuz he's bald
man never make fun of the popular funny
guys